Article 1: “What Happened to Our Features? Visualization and Understanding of Scope Change Dynamics in a Large-Scale Industrial Setting”

A dynamic range of product decisions change usually because changes in the environment. In this article, the author put forward a technical named feature survival chart to show their own characteristics and scope changes, through the use of a variety of color which is very easy to recognize. The technique is evaluated mainly by implementing in three projects. The practitioners for implementing are requirements manager, process manager and key performance indicator manager. Select of the project is based on the length, number of features and probability analysis project scope. The selected companies use milestones and requirement levels choose expert to monitor project progress and design team. These three project different in their size and complexity will conducting research.

Results show that the scope of this three projects increase does not change as time, but as the features. In order to track the scope, time, and feature measurements are used in which there are subcategories. In time-related to the number of positive scopes and negative scope changes per given time is measured. The measurement of time and function are analyzed by comparing the values and the related theory and knowledge through the interaction of work requires the project manager. As a result, the analysis of the three projects is through the use of graphical representation of value. By using this software, it can give a better overview of the scope of the whole project process in a page size chart. At the same time, industrial evaluation showed that this method can be applied to large projects.

My Reflection: Through the use of this technology, many companies can easily monitor the change of scope for the feature as these features consist of requirements. Although it may not be so useful for small companies, but to have a Large-scale industries of large companies, the technology can be very useful, I think its development foreground is very good.

________________________________________

Article 2: “Obsolete Software Requirements”

Changes requirements in the process of development is usually defined as obsolete requirements, the author found that there's almost no research about obsolete requirements, so the author hope that through this research to understand what is obsolete requirements, obsolete requirements classified, what the methods exist, in industry practice, and can help to identify obsolete software requirements, how to deal with these requirements, etc.

So the author conducted a survey of industry students who have no experience in this and do the conducted in 45 difference countries. The results of the investigation using chi-square test analysis. Many practitioners said when requirement is not suitable for current and future version is out of date, all of these are made up of many large industry is considered to be severe. Change of requirement is not clear, often have more opportunities to become obsolete and standards have fewer opportunities to be obsolete. There have no specific method and less number of tool to identify these requirements, industry mainly use artificial identification. The identification mark or tag for obsolete requirement mainly for future reference. The phase for identify these obsolete requirements are during requirement analysis phase and validation, and all these are updated regularly as there are rapid changes in requirements in market-driven development.

My reflection: The author tries to research how the obsolete software requirements in the company can be the definition and classification. According to my personal experience, most company is difficult to separate the energy to care about the obsolete requirements, because we need to put more time in mining requirement improve the existing function requirements. But as Large-scale requirement of the company, pay attention to the obsolete software requirements is very necessary.

